OSDOCS-17011: Bare Metal Install CQA 2 (#111320)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/bmo-about-the-hostfirmwaresettings-resource.adoc

[id="bmo-about-the-hostfirmwaresettings-resource_{context}"]
= About the HostFirmwareSettings resource

[role="_abstract"]

> You can use the `HostFirmwareSettings` resource to retrieve and manage BIOS settings for a host, providing vendor-specific configuration beyond the basic firmware fields in the `BareMetalHost` resource.

Reviewer: This seems like a summary of the old text. Does any of that other stuff need to stay in a second paragraph?

The `spec` section of the `HostFirmwareSettings` resource defines the desired state of the host's BIOS, and it is empty by default. Ironic uses the settings in the `spec.settings` section to update the baseboard management controller (BMC) when the host is in the `Preparing` state. Use the `FirmwareSchema` resource to ensure that you do not send invalid name/value pairs to hosts. See "About the FirmwareSchema resource" for additional details.

> Example:

Reviewer: None of this renders correctly: https://111320--ocpdocs-pr.netlify.app/openshift-enterprise/latest/installing/installing_bare_metal/bare-metal-postinstallation-configuration.html#bmo-about-the-hostfirmwaresettings-resource_bare-metal-postinstallation-configuration:~:text=for%20additional%20details.-,Example%3A,%2B,-spec%3A%0A%20%20settings%3A%0A%20%20%20%20ProcTurboMode

+
[source,terminal]
----
spec:
  settings:
    ProcTurboMode: Disabled
----
+
where:
+
--

> `spec.settings.ProcTurboMode: Disabled`:: In the foregoing example, the `spec.settings` section contains a name/value pair that will set the `ProcTurboMode` BIOS setting to `Disabled`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`spec.settings.ProcTurboMode: Disabled`:: Specifies a name/value pair that will set the `ProcTurboMode` BIOS setting to `Disabled`.
```
